Add EventGrid AAD authentication (#22735)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/eventgrid/azure-messaging-eventgrid/README.md

    .buildCloudEventPublisherAsyncClient();
```

> ##### Using endpoint and Azure Active Directory (AAD) token credential to create the client

Reviewer: It's good to update the changelog in the same PR that introduces new features so that we don't forget to include them before release.

> To use the AAD token credential, you need to put `azure-identity` into your dependency. Refer to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the AAD token credential, include `azure-identity` artifact as a dependency. Refer to
```

[azure-identity README](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/tree/main/sdk/identity/azure-identity) for details.

Sync client:
<!-- embedme ./src/samples/java/com/azure/messaging/eventgrid/samples/ReadmeSamples.java#L231-L234 -->
```java
EventGridPublisherClient<CloudEvent> cloudEventClient = new EventGridPublisherClientBuilder()

>     .endpoint("<endpont of your event grid topic/domain that accepts CloudEvent schema>")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .endpoint("<endpoint of your event grid topic/domain that accepts CloudEvent schema>")
```

    .credential(new DefaultAzureCredentialBuilder().build())
    .buildCloudEventPublisherClient();
```
Async client:
<!-- embedme ./src/samples/java/com/azure/messaging/eventgrid/samples/ReadmeSamples.java#L238-L241 -->
```java
EventGridPublisherAsyncClient<CloudEvent> cloudEventClient = new EventGridPublisherClientBuilder()

>     .endpoint("<endpont of your event grid topic/domain that accepts CloudEvent schema>")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .endpoint("<endpoint of your event grid topic/domain that accepts CloudEvent schema>")
```
